support advertise address and listen on 0.0.0.0 (#1832)
pilosa/pilosa: docs/configuration.md

#### Bind

> * Description: host:port on which the Pilosa server will listen for requests. Host defaults to localhost and port to 10101. If `bind` is set to `0.0.0.0` then Pilosa will listen on all addresses.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Description: host:port on which the Pilosa server will listen for requests. Host defaults to localhost and port to 10101. If `bind` is set to `0.0.0.0` then Pilosa will listen on all available interfaces.
```
